# Chapter 
## P22  
a. When the receiver is expecting the kth packet,that means it has already got all the packets before the kth and sent their ACKs. So for the sender, it must have sent the (k-1)th packet and any previous packets, but may have not received the ACKs. And because of the size of the window and the GBN protocol, the number of this sort of packets is at most 4. Thus, the earliest packet in the window can be the (k-4)th. While another situation is that the receiver gets all the ACKs of the packets earlier than the kth. In this situation, the kth packet is already sent but not received by the receiver yet. And the lastest packet in this state can be the (k+3)th due to the size of the window. And the above two situations are the most extreme. So the packets between the (k-4)th and the (k+3)th are all likely to appear in the window.  
b. Because the receiver is expecting the kth packet, the (k-1)th and earlier must be received and sent ACKs, and the kth must not be received and sent the ACKs. And because of the window of size of the window, only the ACKs of the (k-4)th to the (k-1)th can be propagating, and the ACKs of the earlier ones must have be received by the sender.  
## P24  
a.  yes,it's true. When the ACKs of some packets in the window have not be received by the sender before the time is out, the sender will send such packets once again. While those ACKs finally make their way to the sender, the corresponding packets are moved out of the window. However,  the receiver will get the repeated packets and send their ACKs. When these ACKs also arrives at the sender, the packets are already out of the window.  
b.  The situation is the same as a.  
c. True.  
d. True.  
## P26  
a. The sequence number has 32 bits. So there are $ 2^{32} $ numbers. Since the sequence number represents the number of the first byte of the packet, the maximum value of L is $ 2^{32}byte $  
b. $ (2^{32}\div{536}*66+2^{32})\div({155*2^{20}}) =250s$